Add table for supported PHP and Symfony versions (#831)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: upgrades/upgrade-2.x.rst

This upgrade guide describes how to upgrade a Sulu 2.x project to any newer version below 3.0. In a majority of cases,
these upgrades should be unproblematic, because backwards compatibility is only broken when it is really necessary to
fix a bug.

> Unrelated to Sulu changes it sometimes required first upgrade PHP, Symfony or other dependencies. The following table
> should show you which versions of Sulu are compatible with which versions of PHP and Symfony, it is recommended to
> avoid big upgrades like tackling Sulu, PHP and Symfony at the same time, instead upgrade them and release it the upgrade
> of your project in own small steps instead of one big step. This helps better to identify the cause of a problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unrelated to Sulu changes, upgrades sometimes require first updating PHP, Symfony, or other dependencies. The following table
should show you which versions of Sulu are compatible with which versions of PHP and Symfony. It is
recommended to avoid big upgrades that tackle Sulu, PHP, and Symfony simultaneously. Instead, upgrade them and release 
the upgrade of your project in small, separate steps rather than one big step. This approach helps to better identify
the cause of any problems.
```
